.\" wirebot.1
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2013 Rafaël Warnault
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, and the entire permission notice in its entirety,
.\"    including the disclaimer of warranties.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
.\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
.\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL
.\" MARCUS D. WATTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
.\" INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
.\" BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS
.\" OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
.\" ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR
.\" TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE
.\" USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.Dd Jan 22, 2006
.Dt WIREBOT 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm wirebot
.Nd
Wired chat robot
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm wirebot
.Op Ar options
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm wirebot
is a Wired chat robot running as daemon for the 2.0 protocol.
.Pp
At startup,
.Nm wirebot
will read
.Pa ~/. wirebot/config
and interpret and execute each line as a command. 
.Pp
The options are as follows:
.Pp
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl u
Sets a Wired URL for server to connect.
.It Fl c
Defines the 
.Nm wirebot
configuration file path.
.It Fl D
Do not demonize the program.
.It Fl d
Enables debug mode.
.Nm wirebot
will log extra debug messages to the chat window.
.It Fl h
Displays a brief help message and exits.
.It Fl v
Displays version information and exits.
.El
.Sh DICTIONARY
.Nm wireboy
uses a XML dictionary file to organize robot triggers and commands. 
.El
.Sh FILES
.Bl -tag -width
.It Pa ~/.wirebot/config
Default configuration file. Read at startup. Consists of a newline separated list of commands.
.El
.Sh AUTHORS
.Nm wire
and the Wired protocol were developed by Axel Andersson, Zanka Software.
